feat(mojaloop/project#2533): third party deployment guide (#335)
mojaloop/documentation: deployment-guide/README.md

- The following postman environment file should be imported or customized as required when running the above listed Postman collections: [Mojaloop-Local-MojaSims.postman_environment.json](https://github.com/mojaloop/postman/blob/master/environments/Mojaloop-Local-MojaSims.postman_environment.json).
- Ensure you download the **latest patch release version** from the [Mojaloop Postman Git Repository Releases](https://github.com/mojaloop/postman/releases). For example if you install Mojaloop v12.0.**X**, ensure that you have the latest Postman collection patch version v12.0.**Y**.

### <a id='overlay-services'></a>6. Overlay Services/3PPI

> As of release v13.1.0 of [mojaloop/helm](https://github.com/mojaloop/helm), Mojaloop supports the Third Party API,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of [R.C. v13.1.0](https://github.com/mojaloop/helm/tree/release/v13.1.0) of Mojaloop, Third Party API is supported and will be published with the official release of Mojaloop v13.1.0.
```

Author: Ah cool, yeah I didn't know I could link to it already.

> which allows Third Party Payment Initiators (3PPIs) the ability to request an account link from a DFSP and initiate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows Third Party Payment Initiators (3PPIs) the ability to request an account link from a DFSP and initiate
```
